== NoAgenda Attack Vector Dashboard

This is the complete source for the
link:http://noagendadashboard.com
web application.

Some technologies it demonstrates in combination:
* {Rails 3.0.10}[http://www.rubyonrails.org/] (probably updating to 3.1 soon - just need to make sure I can host it without issues first)
* {InheritedResources}[https://github.com/josevalim/inherited_resources] and {haml}[http://haml-lang.com/] for super thin controllers and views
* {elycharts}[http://elycharts.com/] (with {jQuery}[http://jquery.com/] and {Raphaël}[http://raphaeljs.com/])
* iPad-friendly fixed-layout using {iScroll}[http://cubiq.org/iscroll-4]
* web scraping with {Nokogiri}[http://nokogiri.org/]
* Test-first with {RSpec}[http://relishapp.com/rspec]
* iPhone/Android support using {Web 2.0 Touch}[https://github.com/web20boom/Web-2.0-Touch]


== The NoAgenda Show?

No Agenda is a podcast hosted by Adam Curry and John C. Dvorak twice a week
on Thursday and Sunday in the morning. The show deconstructs the news and media memes.
It accepts no advertisers, instead being directly supported and promoted by the listeners.

== Translation/Internationalisation

Currently the site is all in English, but we can support other languages if someone can help with the translations.

All the translatable text is in the file:
link:noagenda_dashboard/blob/master/config/locales/en.yml

To provide a tranlsation for a given language, just grab a copy of this file, rename is <language-code>.yml,
translate all the definitions and send it/push it back. Please keep it in UTF-8 character set though.

== Contributing

Yes please! If you have any ideas, or can help with design, development or translation, you are most welcome.

If you are familiar with the github process, we're good to go:
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Do your stuff (adding tests where appropriate)
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Send me a pull request on github.
